1761: Fix preview issue due to samesite status (#1799)
wpengine/faustjs: .changeset/healthy-mayflies-end.md

---

> '@faustwp/experimental-app-router': minor

Reviewer: I don't think this is breaking since it fixes a security recommendation which does not change the usage or the way that users should use the package.

Author: @blakewilson Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: @matthewguywright @theodesp  I think that makes sense. The refresh token cookie we use is not part of our "public api" and so modifying it should not come as a surprise to anyone.

Reviewer 2: @matthewguywright Since we agreed it's not a breaking change, let's update the changeset type to `patch`

---

> Since app router requests are made server side and the preview post request originates from WordPress, the cookie isn’t reachable. Changing the cookie to SameSite=Lax resolves the problem.

Reviewer 2: Let's be clearer on what was changed for the end user:

```suggestion
Changed the `sameSite` property on the refresh token cookie from `strict` to `lax` for requests originating from WordPress.
```
